Release 0.2.0 (#12)
icyleaf/swagger: README.md

[![Document](https://img.shields.io/badge/document-api-brightgreen.svg)](https://icyleaf.github.io/swagger/)
[![Build Status](https://img.shields.io/circleci/project/github/icyleaf/swagger/master.svg?style=flat)](https://circleci.com/gh/icyleaf/swagger)

> Swagger is low-level library which generate output compatible with [Swagger / OpenAPI Spec 3.0.3](https://github.com/OAI/OpenAPI-Specification/blob/master/versions/3.0.3.md),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Swagger is a low-level library which generates a document compatible with [Swagger / OpenAPI Spec 3.0.3](https://github.com/OAI/OpenAPI-Specification/blob/master/versions/3.0.3.md),
```
